This is a really bad attempt at making a Heroku-style framework for my
personal experiments.

My experiments follow some of [twelve-factor][], but they're not
designed to scale out via the process model; instead, they sometimes
use [sticky sessions][] to store data in-memory. Part of the reason I
wrote tinyserv is so I can more easily write twelve-factor apps, by
making them less of a hassle to configure and deploy on my infrastructure.

## Prerequisites

* Python 2.7 or later
* Node
* OSX/Linux

## Setup

You really don't want to use this tool. If you do, though, here are
some notes.

### Environment Variables

Any environment variables you change on your server may need to be in
`~/.bashrc` rather than `~/.profile`, as the former is consulted during
non-interactive SSH sessions (which are created by git) while the
latter is not.

#### Development Machine

The `tinyserv` script needs to be on your development machine's `PATH`.

On your development machine, you'll want to define `TINYSERV_REMOTE` to
point to your server, e.g. `localhost` or `foo@bar.org`. The server will
be accessed via SSH using the `ssh` command-line tool.

#### Server

The `tinyserv-remote` script needs to be on your server's `PATH`.

On your server, you'll want to define `TINYSERV_ROOT` to point to
the directory that will contain all your tinyserv-related files. You'll also
want to define `TINYSERV_START_PORT` to be the minimum port number that
tinyserv auto-assigns to your first app.

You'll also want to run `tinyserv-remote startup` on server startup, and
`tinyserv-remote shutdown` on server shutdown.

## Limitations

tinyserv has a ridiculous number of limitations compared to Heroku.

Right now tinyserv only supports nodejs apps, and Procfiles can only
contain one process type; a single instance of that process is spawned
when the app is started up, and no more can be created.

Each app is run under the same account as all the others, so they can
potentially mess with each other.

The server infrastructure also only provides the mechanism to host
each app on a different port; it doesn't currently provide virtual
hosting or reverse-proxying functionality. However, such functionality
can be auto-generated by iterating through the JSON files in
`${TINYSERV_ROOT}/releases` and examining each app's value for `port`.

## Usage

I tried basing tinyserv's CLI on the [Heroku node tutorial][heroku-node].
Here's the sample output of the smoke test, to provide some idea of
how it's used:

    Setting up sample 'tinysmoke' repository.

      $ cd /Users/varmaa/tinyserv/test
      $ mkdir tinysmoke
      $ cd tinysmoke
      $ git init
        -> 'Initialized empty Git repository in /Use...'
      $ echo '{"license": "MIT", "...' > package.json
      $ echo 'web: node app.js' > Procfile
      $ echo 'var server = require...' > app.js
      $ git add package.json Procfile app.js
      $ git commit -m 'origination'
        -> '[master (root-commit) 5cbf408] originati...'

    Creating tinyserv app on toolness.org.

      $ tinyserv apps:create
        -> 'Initialized empty Git repository in /hom...'

    Deploying app by pushing to toolness.org.

      $ git push tinyserv master
        -> 'remote: Cloning into /home/varmaa/.tinys...'

    Ensuring app is now running.

      $ tinyserv ps
        -> 'tinysmoke                     running\n'

    Obtaining app configuration.

      $ tinyserv config
        -> '{\n  "cmdline": "node app.js", \n  "commit...'

    Accessing app at http://toolness.org:11002.

      $ curl http://toolness.org:11002
        -> 'foo is undefined'

    Changing app environment.

      $ tinyserv config:set foo=blargey
        -> 'Stopping tinysmoke...          OK\nConfig...'
      $ curl http://toolness.org:11002
        -> 'foo is blargey'

    Checking app log.

      $ tinyserv logs
        -> "Launching node with args ['node', 'app.j..."
    
    Shutting down app.

      $ tinyserv apps:destroy
        -> 'Destroying project tinysmoke...\nStopping...'
      $ cd ..
      $ rm -rf tinysmoke

    Smoke test successful.

  [twelve-factor]: http://www.12factor.net/
  [sticky sessions]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Load_balancing_%28computing%29#Persistence
  [heroku-node]: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/nodejs

